# Meeting Log

## Meeting 1 - 20/02/24 @  2pm in Phillip Robinson Library
- We mainly discussed which of the briefs we preferred
- We went around the group and asked which were each persons top 3 out of the briefs
- After mixed opinions we took the top two voted briefs and discussed ideas for how we would go about them and decided we had more ideas about the Homes for Newcastle project
- We created a document which aired out initial ideas about our project- see 'InitalIdeas.md' also in this folder
- Initial foundational ideas we had were based around taking inspiration from Uber Eats' ratings system, but how this could be implicated for landlords
- We discussed the creation of an app, for which we could create a prototype for using Adobe XD (which some of us had prior experience using)
- Our aim could be to create a new industry standard of criteria for landlords
<br>

## Meeting 2 - 27/02/24 @ 2pm in Philip Robinson Library
- Main focus was on completing Formative so we gathered more ideas for our project
- Confirmed that we are planning on creating an app
- Decided it may be useful to create aa interactive map displaying some kind of rental data
- If we go with the rating criteria idea, it could act as an incentive for landlords to improve. Criteria based on pricing, living conditions, location, landlord communication, how long they have owned the property, then 'other' section (as more likely to get additional qualitative insights by offering an 'other thoughts' category (Tanhem, 2023, ) cited in Survey.md file))
- Could use survey/interviews to collect rating criteria labels/what people would like to see from the app
- In terms of sourcing the data we could use - users inputting data themselves on the app
- Require verified tenant identities to prevent review bombing
- 'Advice hub/knowledge' platform potentially?
- Tasks to consider based on these conclusions: Look at what research literature already exists to give a sense of what is possible for us and useful - student unions etc; Research a multitude existing projects to take inspiration from - find things that exist, critique what is there, and find the gap that exists; Investigate data legislations that could be at play with the data we collect; Research the ethical questions surrounding the legal frameworks/ethics of using data; Providing a service has different regulations to lobbying (CIC rules)
<br>

## Meeting 3 - 12/03/24 @ 2pm in Henry Daysh Building

- Discussed project criteria and how this would relate to our campaign to support HfN
- Created GitHub project for tasks
- We realised that a lot of other projects, and specifically apps, already take an 'advice hub/ knowledge' approach so we should aim to go beyond this
- Discussed again using Adobe XD for prototype and Canva
- Created a mood board on Canva
- Possibility of a direct translation feature on page for accessibility
- Now thinking more of an interactive webpage instead of app- perhaps click on something to see a personal story
- Final idea by the end of this meeting was to create an interactive digital zine to support the campaign, but toying with the idea of an app/ website
- A digital storytelling approach was the consensus among the group
- Outlined tasks and assigned them to each group member: Researching zines and their historic significance- could this be a useful means of achieving our storytelling objective; Research on digital storytelling to discover its usefulness/ any issues that could arise/ ethical implications we would need to consider; Context analysis on housing in Newcastle - expertise not needed; Research possible platforms for the zine; Create an outline for the survey - quantitative and qualitative questions; Create a clear problem statement for our project; Decide on which problem we are going to tackle and why: student or immigrant renting?
<br>

## Meeting 4 - 19/03/24 @ 2pm in Philip Robinson Library
- This meeting was shorter than the others as we still had independent work to do in terms of the tasks set the week prior. We will continue our own research into this week and next
- We decided on creating an app, but using Figma to prototype over Adobe XD as Figma because it is more suited to collaboration and the digital industry is pivtoing more now towards Figma- it is the more "modern approach to product design" and is more flexible in terms of what visuals/ functions can be created (Figma, 2024). An interactive map of some sort, created on Leaflet, will be embedded into this
- Decided on the name 'Tenant Talk' which encapsulates our digital storytelling approach and makes the purpose of the app obvious. 
- Research into the problems of gentrification and bad landlords
- Decided we are going to tackle student renting as it is something we all have a pre-existing understanding of as students ourselves and it would be more likely that we could source participants for the survey 
- We need to do further research on interactive literature - do we follow a linear narrative approach or something more innovative and potentially subversive/subvert the expectation of the app?
- Research CIC and how their campaigns work
- Need to continue to think about the design of the app: aesthetics, layout, interactivity, information included etc.
- T
<br>

**Reference**:
Figma (2024) *Figma vs Adobe XD- what makes Figma different?* Available at: https://www.figma.com/figma-vs-adobe-xd/ (Accessed: 19/03/24). 

## Meeting 5 - 25/03/24 @ 3pm on Zoom
- Discussed the potential of the app, it's layout, and what would be possible for us to create on Leaflet after allocated group members sampled the platforms
- Confirmed the idea that our Survey will be crucial in dictating what is on the interactive map and app
- Agreed that prototypes of the app would be made and put onto our shared word document so that we could all see them, evaluate, and critique them
<br>

**It was more difficult to schedule meetings that everyone could attend during the Easter break. Some of our group were also on holiday and we had different Easter break plans, As a result, we had less meetings over Zoom but nevertheless kept in touch via WhatsApp to ensure the project was still progressing. See WhatsApp Archive file for this**
<br>

## Meeting 6- 10/04/24 @ 12pm on Zoom
- Recognised the importance of getting the Survey out so that we would have material to prototype with on our week back
- Decided not to use the map for a different purpose
- Considered what the opening page of the app should look like. We agreed on 4 different sections
- Shared our research that we had done over so far over the Easter break and identified areas where we had gaps that needed to be addressed
<br>

## Meeting 7 - 22/04/24 @ 11am in Henry Daysh Building
- Recouped after Easter break and confirmed our sections of the presentation
- Finalised the prototype idea we were going to show in our formative presentation
- Discussed ways to improve our prototype as visually it did not look much like the zine we had originally said we were going to create
<br>

## Meeting 8 - 23/04/24 @ 2pm in Henry Daysh Building
- Discussed our own parts of the presentation and went over it finally together
- Following evaluation of our presentation, we created an updated to do list which is also in this folder

Charlotte to update these meetings notes!
